now you run with us by the way
east of são paulo rodoanel
the work that connects the southern stretch to the stretch
north of its final stretch
are about 40 kilometers that should
relieve and much the life of the walk
the gustavo lima reporter was to check the
works
the eastern section of the tiller comprises
six cities in the surroundings of são paulo
Arujá itaquaquecetuba mauá to the stream
saucer and suzano brazil truck driver
visited the work in 2013 beginning what
it was bar and concrete everywhere
begins to make way for bridge viaducts
in some stretches to tracks with tracks
signaling
the investment of the work about 3.2
billions of reais have private capital
a novelty in the country when the subject is
road construction
the concern for the environment also
was taken into account for works or
two technologies to avoid
degradation of the tiête and
guava
this equipment is prior sing the
of the bridge were
placed aerially without the
need for access to the house
is placed plus the equipment
manages to continue the result 22 thousand
tons of steel 183 thousand cubic meters
concrete and eight kilometers of track
with little degradation other equipment
that we are also using the
is an equipment that is a
mobile symbol and nothing else is
that a form that is a mobile form only
which is of great extent he has 60
meters so that each concrete
section of viaduct not being two
equipment on one track and another
the other then the actual people there about
of 60 meters between the execution of this
concretely in a short period the period
of seven-day cycle and is
completing 60 meters of bridge and the
viaduct
the tunnel drive santa luzia
still intense
2003, here are the off-road
now the region is dominated by tractors and
dump trucks the big stones
who were around here no longer
there are from here the region of the holy tunnel
shone were taken two million
cubic meters of gravel all the material
was used to build the highway now
the passage goes through the process of
landscaping
total will be 220 thousand tons of
asphalt about 500 times more than the
total used in the construction of the racetrack
of interlagos
Michael is one of the
participate in work for more than a year in
played took the change that face of the
highway
satisfaction at first you look
so chat here was all the land right
now see the asphalt all ready, huh?
sic but then I already read here and here I
already law when it was land
the course is shorter but the work
It's not easy
heavy vehicles travel to and from the
the truckers ricardo and sérgio
whoever plays these machines agrees
needs to pay close attention
walks a lot because the driver has to
be quite cautious
carelessness is death, right, it 's a canyon
hillside
are several obstacles neves signed the
ball as you see it does not have guard kings
still is not yet in the process of
finish still requires quite a lot
driver's caution there is a
difference great driver on the road and
here inside the road I have enough
time but only that it is very different
working on the stretch of the
shorter stretch here is is more difficult
that's the way people talk about us every day
because in the star it is quieter than that
who is more run a little more but
rush happens only during the
office hour
the chosen truck drivers to
work on the eastern section of the
They live in the area for robson the highway
can leverage the economy of the cities of
around São Paulo, our city is
a dormitory city, right?
unfortunately not every citizen of suzano
lives and works here in suzano eu
I believe that with this work we can
bring more companies here and power
to make the people of suzano work
and lives here born in the region like me
manoel is another example changed life
in the stretch for construction
the trucker the best building is in
House
the most remarkable that I work a lot
close to home I have more time to
to meet the cast she arrives is one thing
that the truck method he can note
Everyone's already been there and I'm coming.
and playing around with them
a time
the eastern section of the squeegee must be
ready in june
the expectation is that 50 thousand vehicles
move through the highway daily
will work as in the other three
the driver pays off the road
price is yet to be set
our traffic around 60 65% is already
the truck is a
frequent customer of ours and in the east
this should remain mainly
a connection is important that will be the
connection is doerr international port
São Paulo with the port of Santos then the
people believe that we are going to continue
with the same characteristics and vehicles
of the southern section will be reflected in the
also a large majority of
trucks
for who was part of the work to travel with
family by the east ring road will bring many
memories
the first thing I'll do whatever I have
inaugural beltway here I sin and
lake there at the beginning I'll go to the end of
path with them to show them that
I was part of this too, I have a photo here.
years later and it 's cool we have these
will not show you how it was
before and as you after I pass
by the stretch
we look and see that we really
part of a finger of the progress of the
development and will be legal when
Are you ready to go?
remember the parts that people
worked and the service we did
here at gustavo lima for brazil
truck driver